"adverb_high";72;Kim will display the photos she took next month, but she won't show all of them.
"adverb_high";71;Bob will complete the project he started next month, but Fred won't finish his.
"adverb_high";70;John hired the clerk he will promote last month, but he fired another employee.
"adverb_high";68;Cathy will burn the wood she gathered next week, but she will save some of it.
"adverb_high";67;Mark will answer the email he got next week, but he doesn't know what to write.
"adverb_high";64;Mike watered the flower he will sell yesterday, but he forgot to water the bush.
"adverb_high";63;Mary called the applicant she will interview yesterday, but there was no answer.
"adverb_high";62;James will fix the car he drove tomorrow, but he will need some help.
"adverb_high";61;Linda will wear the sweater she washed tomorrow, but she won't wear her skirt.
"adverb_low";60;Amy will visit the man she worked with last month, but she is nervous about it.
"adverb_low";59;Paul will marry the woman he just met last month, but the wedding will be small.
"adverb_low";58;Dan wrote the speech he will deliver next month, but he hasn't practiced it yet.
"adverb_low";57;Jeff planned the party he will hold next month, but he hasn't sent invitations.
"adverb_high";65;Susan bought the wine she will drink last week, but she didn't buy any cheese.
"adverb_low";56;Lisa will change the plans she made last week, but she won't cancel any of them.
"adverb_low";55;Tom will plant the tree he bought last week, but he isn't sure where to put it.
"adverb_low";54;Joseph brewed the beer he will serve next week, but it is not very tasty.
"adverb_low";53;Jane prepared the lecture she will give next week, but still needs to review it.
"adverb_low";52;Sue insulted the candidate she will debate tomorrow, but she wishes she hadn't.
"adverb_low";51;David caught the fish he will cook tomorrow, but it is not his favorite kind.
"adverb_low";50;Robert will meet the friend he phoned yesterday, but he doesn't want to.
"adverb_low";49;Anne will serve the apples she picked yesterday, but she won't serve the plums.
"and_no_comma";48;The witness identified the man and his wife ran away from the police station.
"and_no_comma";47;Jenny talked to the reporter and the photographer took pictures of the scene.
"and_no_comma";46;The robber shot the jeweler and the salesman reported the crime to the police.
"and_no_comma";45;The journalist criticized Nick and Sam called the newspaper to complain.
"and_no_comma";44;The actress yelled at the cameraman and the director hurried out of the room.
"adverb_high";66;Chris cleaned the bookcase he will sell last week, but it is still very dusty.
"and_no_comma";43;Sam hired the plumber and the carpenter ordered the materials for the house.
"and_no_comma";42;The police arrested the burglar and his brother phoned a lawyer for help.
"and_no_comma";40;The customer complained about the waiter and the chef gave him a free dessert.
"and_no_comma";39;The woman could not find Bill and his girlfriend became nervous and upset.
"and_no_comma";38;Bobby yelled at the teacher and the principal asked his parents for a meeting.
"and_no_comma";37;The teacher praised the girl and her family was proud of her good grades.
"and_comma";36;The crowd cheered for the model, and the designer took a bow after the show.
"and_comma";35;The juggler entertained the children, and their parents drank wine at the party.
"and_comma";34;The woman dressed her baby, and her son got his clothes from the dresser.
"and_comma";32;The producer replaced the actor, and the actress quit the movie after the fight.
"and_comma";31;The audience applauded the guitarist, and the band cheered for him very loudly.
"and_comma";30;Jim listened to the pianist, and the singer watched the organist at the concert.
"and_comma";29;The ranger gave matches to the camper, and his friend made a fire by the tent.
"and_comma";28;The little girl fed her pet cat, and her dog wanted a can of food, too.
"and_comma";27;The tourist photographed the swimmer, and the runner got ready for the race.
"and_comma";26;The swimmer disappointed her coach, and her mother tried to console her.
"and_comma";25;The nurse examined the mother, and the child played quietly in the corner.
"relative_high";24;The niece of the butler who scolded herself for losing the key was very upset.
"relative_high";23;The aunt of the waiter who trained herself to cook wanted to own a restaurant.
"relative_high";22;The sister of the boy who taught herself advanced mathematics was very smart.
"and_comma";33;Diane hugged her boyfriend, and her friend felt uncomfortable watching them.
"relative_high";21;The daughter of the king who devoted herself to the kingdom was never emotional.
"relative_high";20;The niece of the fisherman who got herself a sailboat learned to sail.
"relative_high";19;The grandma of the policeman who educated herself at night became a teacher.
"relative_high";18;The uncle of the girl who prepared himself for the race was a great athlete.
"relative_high";17;The nephew of the queen who praised himself all the time was very rude.
"relative_high";16;The grandfather of the policewoman who treated himself so badly was troubled.
"relative_high";15;The nephew of the maid who cut himself with the knife called the doctor.
"relative_high";13;The son of the princess who scratched himself in public was awfully embarrassed.
"relative_low";12;The sister of the prince who injured himself falling off a roof was still sad.
"relative_low";11;The daughter of the actor who hated himself for failing always seemed unhappy.
"relative_low";9;The daughter of the man who complimented himself in public was beautiful.
"relative_low";8;The aunt of the schoolboy who hurt himself was concerned about the injury.
"relative_low";7;The grandma of the fireman who criticized himself far too often was anxious.
"relative_low";6;The grandfather of the woman who killed herself last summer had been to prison.
"relative_low";5;The brother of the schoolgirl who burned herself was usually very careful.
"relative_low";4;The son of the lady who politely introduced herself was popular at the party.
"relative_low";1;The son of the actress who shot herself on the set was under investigation.
"filler";134;The children of the rich man were spoiled, but they were charming and handsome.
"filler";133;Yesterday the wife of the politician discussed health care with old people.
"filler";132;The boyfriend of the model was killed in an accident while skiing last week.
"filler";131;The cute girl who was on the cover of the magazine became a famous doctor.
"filler";130;The writer of the novels thought himself to be a genius, but he wasn't.
"filler";129;Todd wanted to be a barber, but his shaky hands prevented him from becoming one.
"filler";128;Julie dated Adam and Andy, but she married Jeff in Las Vegas last month.
"filler";127;The student who was running out of money gave himself a haircut last week.
"filler";125;The gardener was happy with the flowers, but the owner of the house was not.
"filler";126;Judy cooked in the kitchen, and Richard barbecued outside in the yard.
"filler";124;Sara and her mother had steak, potatoes, and green beans for dinner last night.
"filler";123;Margo will open bakeries in Chicago and New York after getting a loan next year.
"filler";122;Cindy treated herself to a vacation in China and several other Asian countries.
"filler";121;The nurse took care of the old lady who could not take care of herself.
"filler";120;The pilot will fly a new airplane to Europe and back beginning next week.
"filler";119;Megan got angry with her boss and sued him for discrimination last month.
"filler";118;The father of the pretty girl cleaned up the house all by himself last week.
"adverb_high";69;Jim painted the picture he will display last month, but he isn't happy with it.
"filler";117;Bill will quit his job next month to take care of his kids and step-children.
"filler";116;The thief noticed the boy and the girl watching him from the upstairs window.
"filler";115;The boy who was wearing a blue cap went missing on his way home last week.
"filler";114;Hugh took too long to propose, and his girlfriend decided to marry someone else.
"relative_low";10;The sister of the salesman who made a fool of himself at work was very angry.
"filler";113;The old man amused himself by gossiping with his children and friends.
"filler";111;The infant was able to stand by himself for the first time last week.
"practice";108;The semester will start next week, but the students and teachers are not ready.
"practice";107;The mother of the prisoner sent him packages that contained cookies and novels.
"practice";105;The reporter had dinner yesterday with the baseball player who Kevin admired.
"filler";112;Jane and John studied math and history yesterday, but they failed the exams.
"practice";104;The therapist set up a meeting with the upset woman and her husband yesterday.
"practice";103;Maya played with the blocks and the balls, but she soon got bored with them.
"practice";102;The patient who the doctor treated became better after only a few treatments.
"practice";101;The husband of the beautiful woman bought her roses and candy for her birthday.
"adverb_low";72;Kim will display the photos she took last month, but she won't show all of them.
"adverb_low";71;Bob will complete the project he started last month, but Fred won't finish his.
"adverb_low";70;John hired the clerk he will promote next month, but he fired another employee.
"adverb_low";69;Jim painted the picture he will display next month, but he isn't happy with it.
"adverb_low";68;Cathy will burn the wood she gathered last week, but she will save some of it.
"adverb_low";67;Mark will answer the email he got last week, but he doesn't know what to write.
"adverb_low";66;Chris cleaned the bookcase he will sell next week, but it is still very dusty.
"adverb_low";65;Susan bought the wine she will drink next week, but she didn't buy any cheese.
"adverb_low";64;Mike watered the flower he will sell tomorrow, but he forgot to water the bush.
"adverb_low";63;Mary called the applicant she will interview tomorrow, but there was no answer.
"adverb_low";62;James will fix the car he drove yesterday, but he will need some help.
"adverb_low";61;Linda will wear the sweater she washed yesterday, but she won't wear her skirt.
"adverb_high";60;Amy will visit the man she worked with next month, but she is nervous about it.
"adverb_high";59;Paul will marry the woman he just met next month, but the wedding will be small.
"adverb_high";58;Dan wrote the speech he will deliver last month, but he hasn't practiced it yet.
"adverb_high";57;Jeff planned the party he will hold last month, but he hasn't sent invitations.
"adverb_high";56;Lisa will change the plans she made next week, but she won't cancel any of them.
"adverb_high";55;Tom will plant the tree he bought next week, but he isn't sure where to put it.
"adverb_high";54;Joseph brewed the beer he will serve last week, but it is not very tasty.
"adverb_high";53;Jane prepared the lecture she will give last week, but still needs to review it.
"adverb_high";52;Sue insulted the candidate she will debate yesterday, but she wishes she hadn't.
"adverb_high";51;David caught the fish he will cook yesterday, but it is not his favorite kind.
"relative_low";3;The uncle of the waitress who hurt herself was shocked by the accident.
"adverb_high";50;Robert will meet the friend he phoned tomorrow, but he doesn't want to.
"adverb_high";49;Anne will serve the apples she picked tomorrow, but she won't serve the plums.
"and_comma";48;The witness identified the man, and his wife ran away from the police station.
"and_comma";47;Jenny talked to the reporter, and the photographer took pictures of the scene.
"and_comma";46;The robber shot the jeweler, and the salesman reported the crime to the police.
"and_comma";45;The journalist criticized Nick, and Sam called the newspaper to complain.
"and_comma";44;The actress yelled at the cameraman, and the director hurried out of the room.
"and_comma";43;Sam hired the plumber, and the carpenter ordered the materials for the house.
"and_comma";42;The police arrested the burglar, and his brother phoned a lawyer for help.
"and_comma";41;The knight greeted the king, and the queen waved to her people at the feast.
"and_comma";40;The customer complained about the waiter, and the chef gave him a free dessert.
"and_comma";39;The woman could not find Bill, and his girlfriend became nervous and upset.
"and_comma";38;Bobby yelled at the teacher, and the principal asked his parents for a meeting.
"and_comma";37;The teacher praised the girl, and her family was proud of her good grades.
"and_no_comma";36;The crowd cheered for the model and the designer took a bow after the show.
"and_no_comma";35;The juggler entertained the children and their parents drank wine at the party.
"and_no_comma";34;The woman dressed her baby and her son got his clothes from the dresser.
"and_no_comma";33;Diane hugged her boyfriend and her friend felt uncomfortable watching them.
"and_no_comma";32;The producer replaced the actor and the actress quit the movie after the fight.
"and_no_comma";31;The audience applauded the guitarist and the band cheered for him very loudly.
"and_no_comma";30;Jim listened to the pianist and the singer watched the organist at the concert.
"and_no_comma";29;The ranger gave matches to the camper and his friend made a fire by the tent.
"and_no_comma";28;The little girl fed her pet cat and her dog wanted a can of food, too.
"relative_high";14;The brother of the ballerina who found himself in a lot of trouble phoned home.
"and_no_comma";27;The tourist photographed the swimmer and the runner got ready for the race.
"practice";106;The visitors at the zoo watched the zookeeper who the monkeys and apes teased.
"and_no_comma";26;The swimmer disappointed her coach and her mother tried to console her.
"and_no_comma";25;The nurse examined the mother and the child played quietly in the corner.
"relative_low";24;The niece of the butler who scolded himself for losing the key was very upset.
"relative_low";23;The aunt of the waiter who trained himself to cook wanted to own a restaurant.
"relative_low";22;The sister of the boy who taught himself advanced mathematics was very smart.
"relative_low";21;The daughter of the king who devoted himself to the kingdom was never emotional.
"relative_low";20;The niece of the fisherman who got himself a sailboat learned to sail.
"relative_low";19;The grandma of the policeman who educated himself at night became a teacher.
"relative_low";18;The uncle of the girl who prepared herself for the race was a great athlete.
"relative_low";17;The nephew of the queen who praised herself all the time was very rude.
"relative_low";16;The grandfather of the policewoman who treated herself so badly was troubled.
"relative_low";15;The nephew of the maid who cut herself with the knife called the doctor.
"relative_low";14;The brother of the ballerina who found herself in a lot of trouble phoned home.
"relative_low";13;The son of the princess who scratched herself in public was awfully embarrassed.
"relative_high";12;The sister of the prince who injured herself falling off a roof was still sad.
"relative_high";11;The daughter of the actor who hated herself for failing always seemed unhappy.
"relative_high";10;The sister of the salesman who made a fool of herself at work was very angry.
"relative_high";9;The daughter of the man who complimented herself in public was beautiful.
"relative_high";8;The aunt of the schoolboy who hurt herself was concerned about the injury.
"relative_low";2;The brother of the bride who embarrassed herself at the wedding felt ashamed.
"relative_high";7;The grandma of the fireman who criticized herself far too often was anxious.
"relative_high";6;The grandfather of the woman who killed himself last summer had been to prison.
"relative_high";5;The brother of the schoolgirl who burned himself was usually very careful.
"relative_high";4;The son of the lady who politely introduced himself was popular at the party.
"relative_high";3;The uncle of the waitress who hurt himself was shocked by the accident.
"and_no_comma";41;The knight greeted the king and the queen waved to her people at the feast.
"relative_high";2;The brother of the bride who embarrassed himself at the wedding felt ashamed.
"relative_high";1;The son of the actress who shot himself on the set was under investigation.
